Three-and-a-half months
to collect
and assemble materials,
and it takes him less than
ten minutes to install them?
Yeah, sorry it took so long,
but incorporating
these rebuilt components
from your dead Time-Sphere
was a real time suck.
-Is it ready?
-"Is it ready?"
It's almost ready.
I could finish it now.
Easy peasy.
-But?
-But I won't.
Not until you finally
tell me everything.
-But the timeline--
-Oh, please.
I'm not even
from this timeline.
I'm a wild card, yo.
A free radical.
That's why you came to me.
So spill, or we're done.
All right, we're here.
We remain out of sync
with the time stream,
so we're undetectable.
But I'll have to risk syncing.
Isn't it time you explained
our mission, Lor-Zod?
I've told you
what you need to do.
What, not why.
Darkseid ordered you
to obey me.
And we will.
But only a fool
goes into a mission blind.
And the Ma'alefa'ak is no fool.
So spill, or were done.
[theme music playing]
[ethereal music playing]
New Genesis.
Breathtaking.
Yeah, I guess the scenery
will be nice to look at
while we totally waste our time
at the summit.
You do not harbor high hopes
for this conference?
Surely between the New Gods,
the Justice League
and the Green Lantern Corps--
Da-da-da-da. Tomar-Re,
there's an old proverb
by Bolovax Vik.
"You want nothing done,
form a committee."
[beeping]
Emergency distress call.
Hit it.
[intense music playing]
There!
[Tomar-Re] It appears
to be a member
of the Blue Lantern Corps.
His life support aura
rapidly fades.
-I suggest--
-[Kilowog] Way ahead of you.
Branwilla's Ghost!
This ain't no Blue Lantern.
-[chuckles] This is Razer!
-Kilowog?
[grunts]
It is as I feared. [exclaims]
I am dead
and in
The Place of Eternal Torment.
Great to see ya, kid.
Ah, hey, nice duds.
You're coming up
in the world.
Leave it to a hothead like you
to planet-hop
without a fully charged
power ring, huh?
-[laughs]
-It is fully charged,
but a blue ring
requires hope to function,
and I am all out of hope.
New Genesis officially welcomes
the Justice League
to the summit.
Thank you, Orion.
Greetings, Rocket.
Vykin. [chuckles]
Good to see a friendly face.
Were you short
on friendly faces here?
[sighs] I admit
I was dreading negotiations
with the Dog of War over there.
-Then you must
not understand him.
-No?
He's Darkseid's son, right?
Orion is the son of
Highmother and Highfather.
You need to take a closer look,
my friend.
Greetings, Lantern.
Do you attend
this summit alone?
Oh, Green Lantern Kilowog
will be along shortly.
He had personal business
to attend to.
[Kilowog] Four years.
Four years!
You don't call,
you don't send subspace mail.
And suddenly you're here
wearing blue pajamas.
Spill it, Red. Uh, Blue.
You have not changed a bit,
my friend.
Unfortunately, neither have I.
Shortly after we parted,
a blue lantern ring
powered by hope
found me in deepest space.
I took it is as a sign
to finally abandon my anger
and gladly did so.
I could not in good conscience
release my red ring
to plague some other
wrath-filled wretch.
So I carried it with me.
A grim reminder of my past.
A chance meeting
with the New God, Metron,
provided a solution.
He would hold the red ring
in his interdimensional vault
while I continued my quest.
But said quest
has proven fruitless.
There were many
promising clues,
but each led
to another dead end.
Hey, come on, kid,
don't give up hope.
Don't you see?
I've already lost all hope.
Only my rage remains
to power my quest.
So I've come to New Genesis
to get my red ring back.
[Forager]
Supertown is indeed beautiful.
Wouldn't Forager agree?
Forager?
[sighs]
Forager apologizes to Forager,
but Forager must admit
Forager is surprised Forager
gave up Forager's seat
at the conference.
Forager would not have
made such a choice.
Forager trusts Rocket and Flash
to handle the summit.
And Forager would prefer
to spend Forager's time
getting to know Forager.
[both chirping]
Okay, hit me with it.
[sighs] The Phantom Zone.
Krypton's
extra-dimensional prison.
But the Kryptonians
never intended
to imprison criminals
for eternity.
[scoffs] That would
have been too cruel.
Unfortunately,
Krypton was destroyed
when its sun exploded.
[explosion]
So, no Kryptonians survived
to release
the Phantom Zone prisoners
when their sentences ended.
So when the last
Phantom Zone projector
was discovered on New Genesis,
the United Planets paroled
every single inmate
as each one had been
trapped in the zone
for over a thousand years.
When my parents
were unjustly imprisoned
in the Phantom Zone,
not even my mother knew
that she was already pregnant.
As no one ages or dies there,
she had the honor
of unknowingly carrying
the scion of General Dru-Zod
for a millennium.
Eight months after their
parole in the 31st century,
I arrived.
The frightened bureaucrats
of the United Planets
had settled all of us
on the Kryptonian
colony world, Daxam,
a planet orbiting a red sun,
thus preventing us
from gaining the powers
that were our birthright.
But they didn't count on
my father's ingenuity.
By the time I turned 15,
he'd smuggled
his loyal followers
along with
like-minded Daxamites
to a nearby planet
under a yellow sun.
Now that we have
our rightful powers,
my father made
a valiant attempt
to lead a rebellion
against the United Planets
for the good of the Galaxy.
General Zod was a menace,
determined to
assert his dominance
over everyone and everything.
Fortunately, the newly formed
Legion of Super Heroes
defeated Zod
with very
Phantom Zone projector
that had released him
from prison.
The damn Legion put my parents
and their army of patriots
back into the Zone,
depriving the galaxy
of true leadership.
But because Lor-Zod
was still a teenager,
they didn't
consider him culpable,
and to our sorrow,
he wasn't sent to the Zone.
I was raised
to despise the Family El.
Chief Scientist Jor-El
had exposed my father's attempt
to save Krypton
from its own weakness.
Meaning Zod
had attempted a coup.
Call it what you will.
What is certain is that Jor-El
conspired with his brother,
Chief Examiner Zor-El,
to sentence my parents
to the Zone.
I didn't think
I could hate anyone
as much as
I hated the Els.
But now, there was the Legion.
Lor-Zod was relentless
in his attempts
to acquire the projector.
Finally,
the Legion had no choice
but to destroy it.
The Legion had
permanently consigned
my mother and father to
the hell of the Phantom Zone.
And this Legion,
who do you think
inspired its very existence?
Superboy, Kon-El,
a member of that
accursed El family.
That made him twice my enemy.
So planning ahead,
I stole the last known sample
of kryptonite
and this Time-Sphere.
[Saturn girl]
So Chameleon Boy,
Phantom Girl, and I
were pursuing Lor
when he escaped to the past.
Chroniton radiation
from his stolen sphere
washed over us.
Making the three of you immune
to the changes Lor made
to the timestream.
Been there, irradiated by that.
We tried to contact Legion HQ.
But there was no Legion HQ.
A quick data search
of the new timeline
revealed that Lor had killed
Superboy in the past,
and without
Conner Kent's inspiration,
the Legion had never formed.
[sighs]
With no Legion to stop him,
General Zod
now ruled the Galaxy.
There was only one thing to do.
Take the last Time-Sphere
and stop Lor-Zod
from stopping our future.
Metron.
Ah, Razer.
I predicted
I would see you again.
The red power ring
I gave you for safekeeping.
I require its return.
Nothing could be simpler.
The red ring
will be yours again
in exchange for your blue ring.
The evidence
of Darkseid's agents
infiltrating and exploiting
the Earth is undeniable.
What do Highfather's New Gods
intend to do about it?
Nothing.
-Excuse me?
-We will not,
cannot help battle
Apokoliptan forces.
But that's why we need you.
That's why we're here.
The truce between
New Genesis and Apokolips
came at a heavy cost.
New Genesis will not be
the first to break that truce.
You're afraid of a fight?
You should all be afraid
of that fight.
What is needed
is a neutral mediator.
The Green Lantern Corps
is uniquely qualified
for such a role.
If even they have the stomach
to defy Apokolips.
They released Darkseid's
Furies and Mantis
only six months
after the Anti-Life event
-at the Orphanage.
-They were poozers.
The big bad, Granny Goodness,
got away.
[scoffs]
Thanks to you Earthlings.
Earthlings, including the three
Green Lanterns on the scene?
Why are there so many
Green Lanterns from Earth?
It's, uh, hard to find
qualified GLs.
You know, somehow
the screwy conditions on Earth
produce a lot of
potential candidates.
But each green rings A.I.
chooses its own Lantern
based on a subject's love
of justice
and ability to overcome fear
with willpower.
Meanwhile, Earth's
bleeding meta-humans.
The League is trying
to stop the hemorrhaging,
but we need the Corps
and the New Gods to do more
to shut down
off-world trafficking.
Your petition has been noted.
-That's it?
-You have our sympathy,
but we have an entire
galaxy to police.
Finding your lost strays
is not our sole priority.
-But--
-[cell phone vibrating]
[grunts] Excuse me.
Using sketchy
historical records,
I pinpointed
the one time in the past
prior to the event,
ten years from this era
that inspired the Legion,
when I knew exactly
where the Superboy would be.
From our quick review of
the Galaxy's revised history,
we knew just
where Lor would strike.
We time-traveled
to the United Nations last year
when Superboy famously revealed
his existence to the world
and managed to prevent
Lor's assassination of Kon-El.
And you thought that would be
enough to revert the timeline.
Been there, didn't revert that.
[sighs] Lor had escaped,
and still had ten years
worth of opportunities.
And with history
now revised again,
we had no idea when, where,
or how Lor would strike.
All we could do
was shadow Superboy,
using our powers
to hide in plain sight,
waiting for
Lor-Zod's next move.
When we learned of Superboy
and Miss Martian's
trip to Mars,
we followed them there.
[Chameleon Boy]
We did our best to keep an eye
on Kon-El at all times.
[Saturn Girl]
That was our plan, anyway.
But Lor was on Mars, too,
with a plan of his own.
By keeping this Sphere
out of sync
with the timestream
as I am now,
I made it impossible for
the Legionnaires to track me.
I used my heat vision
to destroy
the Earthlings' Zeta-Tube
and the M'arzz-Earth
communications satellite,
cutting Superboy off
from the League
and any support
they might offer.
Then I cut off support
from my pursuers
by forcing Saturn Girl
into an unguarded moment
that revealed her psychic
signature to Miss Martian.
The Legion's
foolish determination
to minimize interference
with the timestream
compelled them to maintain
their distance from my prey.
Your heart
was in the right place
setting that gene bomb,
Ma'alefa'ak.
[Lor-Zod] All that was missing
was a lead box of Kryptonite,
and Kon-El was as good as dead.
We lost visual contact
with Superboy,
[sighs] so we split up
to find him.
Then,
it happened.
[explosion]
Superboy
and Phantom Girl died.
[Ma'alefa'ak] So you killed
my sister's fiance.
You have a problem with that?
No.
I simply wanted to thank you.
-What's wrong?
-[Noble] Nothing.
But I just got out
of the school conference and--
Noble, I am in the middle
of an intergalactic summit.
I don't have time for this.
You don't have time
for our son?
[sighs]
S-sorry.
Of course, I do.
-Tell me.
-It's basically good news.
The school wants to set
Amistad up
with a one-on-one aide,
you know, a shadow, to work
with him in the classroom.
And the district provides
one free of charge.
And Amistad gets stigmatized?
[sighs] You're worried
about the wrong things, Raq.
Appearances don't matter.
We need to help our son.
I'll consider it.
That's it?
Look, that is all
that I can give you right now.
I'm trying to bring peace
to an entire galaxy,
and I'm failing.
[Razer sighs]
Maybe this is a mistake.
[Metron] Is something wrong?
When this ring first chose me,
I was a different man.
Now--
You came to me, Razer.
Have you changed your mind?
When I first donned
my Red Lantern ring on Volkreg,
it felt like injecting acid
directly in my bloodstream.
Apologies in advance
for my screams of agony.
Noted.
[slight gasp]
[Razer] Perhaps
it's lost its charge.
[Metron] Fascinating.
Do you know
it took less than four years
for you
to completely lose hope?
That's one-point-three years
fewer than my initial estimate.
I appreciate your faith in me.
You misunderstand,
this was never about faith.
It was about calculation.
Explain.
Four years ago,
I captured this Blue Ring's
potent energy signal
and tracked it to you.
When we met,
I saw an opportunity
to study not one Ring,
but two.
Thus, I convinced you
to make an exchange.
I did not require convincing.
You agreed to keep the Red Ring
so it would not
afflict anyone else.
I manipulated you into reaching
that conclusion, yes.
Since then, I've been occupied
with two endeavors.
One, studying the Red Ring,
its properties and potential
and two, providing you,
surreptitiously, with clues
to aid you in your quest.
False clues
that could only lead
to dead ends
and the death of hope.
You wasted years of my life
on fool's errands?
And with hope lost,
you predictably return to me
to make this trade.
Now I may study
the Blue Ring at my leisure
as I once studied the Red.
Why tell me this now?
To anger you, obviously.
I've studied the Red Ring
quite thoroughly.
Now, I must see it in action.
You want to make me angry?
You won't like me
when I'm angry.
[screaming]
Yes, show me
your full potential.
[screaming]
Time with Forager
is very pleasant to Forager.
Forager has a way
of saying exactly...
[both] What Forager
was thinking.
-[distant explosion]
-[gasps]
[Razer screams]
I am quite pleased
with these readings.
Every attack
generates more force
than the previous.
Yes, exactly.
[Noble] Raquel, I've known you
since you were Amistad's age.
You don't fail,
you deal.
Uh, thanks, but I gotta go.
Compelling data.
Unexpected.
[Forager] Look out!
-[Rocket] What's going on here?
-Forager!
[gasps] Forager!
Forager?
Forager! [exclaims]
Forager!
Forager.
I've been a fool.
Return the Blue Ring, New God.
[screams]
[Metron] This was never
about faith.
Show me your full potential.
What is this?
I will have those rings!
[Metron grunts]
[Vykin] What happened?
I-I'm honestly not sure.
All I know is Razer
was gonna talk
to some poozer named Metron.
-[sighs] Metron.
-Say no more.
It's okay.
He's one of the good guys.
Kinda.
Forager is injured.
[Forager clicking]
[breathing deeply]
Forager.
[both clicking]
Forager thanks Red
and Blue Lantern
for helping Forager.
She would not
have required help,
if not for me.
Please accept my apologies
and my thanks for reminding me
how to hope again.
Foragers are not sure
how Foragers reminded
Red and Blue Lantern.
But Foragers are happy
to be of service.
It seems I have more
to atone for.
That is not how it was before.
But it will serve.
Thank you, Razer.
I was prepared to give up
the Blue Ring,
convinced it would find
someone more
suitable than I.
I dunno, Red.
Looks like you're still
the Blue Ring's top choice.
I believe so.
It seems I am equal parts
hope and rage.
Anger is a part of who I am,
but it is no longer
all that I am.
At least, I'm hopeful
it doesn't have to be.
Rage, Hope, gnortz,
you've got a ton
of willpower too.
We should get you a Green Ring.
Before you know it,
you'll have Rainbow Power.
-[grunts]
-[laughs]
So, uh, what's next, kid?
The continuation of my Quest.
Say hello to Hal for me.
I will find you, Aya.
I will.
With Kon-El dead,
I had guaranteed
my parents release
in the next millennium.
But why wait,
when I knew the last
Phantom Zone Projector
was on New Genesis.
Not only had we failed
to save Superboy,
[sighs] but we lost
Tinya as well.
To make matters worse,
Lor-Zod found
and destroyed our Time-Sphere,
stranding us here in the past.
[sighs] Been there.
Stranded that.
Fortunately, Miss Martian's
retired Bio-Ship
was no longer part
of the historical record.
So I opened my mind to her,
and she agreed to help.
[Chameleon Boy]
We spent the next month
traveling aboard her to Earth.
For months, I searched
New Genesis for the Projector,
eventually learning
it was stored
in Metron's
inter-dimensional vault.
But even with this Time-Sphere,
I'd never succeed
in retrieving it without aid.
Back on Earth,
we turn to the one person
capable of replacing Superboy
in our timeline.
Oh. Uh, me?
No, Superman!
[Saturn Girl] We told him
as little as possible,
but at least there was a chance
he might take Superboy's place
and become
the Legion's inspiration.
[Chameleon Boy]
Then we came to you,
the only true space-time expert
in this era, on this planet.
Which brings us to now,
and our desperate
need for your help.
[Lor-Zod] I traveled
to Apokolips
and, using my assassination
of Superboy as a calling card,
appealed to Darkseid himself.
We made a tentative deal,
a winner-take-all arrangement,
which he said was similar
to a pact he'd made before
with some savage or other.
Unfortunately, Darkseid's
truce with New Genesis
prohibited any overt
intervention on his part.
But he did provide resources,
the two of you and this device,
the Kaizer-Thrall.
Together we will find
the coordinates
to Metron's vault,
steal the Projector
and release my parents
and the rest
from the Phantom Zone.
Then, the galaxy will be ours.
Well?
Step inside.
Ta- da!
As promised, one Bio-Ship
now with its very own...
Cosmic Treadmill!
[Forager] Ah.
[both Foragers sing]
♪ Today is Flash's birthday ♪
♪ So ring the birthday bell ♪
♪ Time to tap antennae ♪
♪ Upon the birthday shell ♪
♪ Today is Flash's birthday ♪
♪ Bugs know just what to do ♪
♪ Forage birthday grubstakes ♪
♪ And Foragers will too ♪
♪ Today is Flash's birthday ♪
♪ Great time to be alive ♪
♪ And to celebrate Jay ♪
♪ With every bug ♪
♪ In hive ♪
[blows]
[cheering]
♪ With every bug in hive ♪
[Rocket] Crash!
[Orion] That is not
how it was before.